Binary-  1.)apktool(Windows and Linux)
         Apktool can decompile or compile an APK file with a single command.

         2.)binwalk(Windows and Linux)
         Binwalk is a tool for searching a given binary image for embedded files and executable code.

         3.)checksec(Linux)
         Checksec is a bash script used to check the properties of executables (like PIE, etc) and kernel security options (like GRSecurity and SELinux).

         4.)dex2jar(Windows and Linux)
         The core feature of Dex2Jar is to convert the classes. dex file of an APK to classes. jar or vice versa.

         5.)hxd(Windows)
         HxD is a hex editor which can open files larger than 4 GiB and open and edit the raw contents of disk drives, as well as display and edit the memory used by running processes.

         6.)idafree(Windows and Linux)
         The Interactive Disassembler is a disassembler for computer software which generates assembly language source code from machine-executable code.

         7.)jdgui(Windows and Linux)
         A graphical Java Decompiler.

         8.)peda(Windows and Linux)
         Enhanced environment for gdb.

         9.)preeny(Linux)
         A collection of helpful preloads(compiled for many architectures).

         10.)qemu(Windows and Linux)
         QEMU is a generic and open source processor emulator which achieves a good emulation speed by using dynamic translation.

         11.)qira(Windows and Linux)
         Parallel, timeless debugger. Go back and forth in time.

         12.)radare2(Windows and Linux)
         radare2 is an open source reverse engineering framework used for static and dynamic analysis, digital forensics or software exploitation supporting multiple platforms, architectures and binary formats.

         13.)ropgadget(Windows and Linux)
         ROPgadget is a tool to find ROP gadgets, autocreate a ropchain and fetch gadgets from a bin.

         14.)upx(Windows and Linux)
         UPX is a portable, extendable, high-performance executable packer for several different executable formats.